So the decisions that I made on a daily basis at seize on my four different
ships, you know, pertains to what was the vision of the ship.
So, for instance, I had to make sure that as an engineering officer,
A ll both engines online, ready to go. And if we didn't have the engineering
parts, I had three gas turbines that provided all the electrical
power for their ships along the lights. All the power for the
computer. Well, if one of the equipment if one of the generators went
down now I'm in a casualty response mode and my decisions would revolve
around what it would take to keep that generator that electrical
load. Morning. You would think that's, you know, an easy decision.
But it, Zelig, when you're driving your car, you've got to go from
Washington D c down to, uh, go for you have no dance in your car.
Can you get the car from point A to point B? Same thing with the ship.
You have to know. What is it gonna take to keep that ship running?
Well, in this case, you don't have a gas station. So the decisions
that I have to make every day are to make sure that I am so sustained.
And I have enough equipment. Resource is personnel to keep that
ship warning. Shipshape. So speak on time. Um, And on your way under
budget, Because again, departments divisions, you all have budgets
that you have to maintain. So do we have enough fuel tomorrow? And I'm
gonna be taking on fuel from the Shasta. Okay. What is that gonna
take? That means I need to make sure that my fueling alignment to receive
fuel. That was a personal thing, That responsibility for the
chief engineer. I had to personally verify Valvoline so that when we
took fuel from another ship keep us under way, doing our mission for
the nation. That was my personal responsibility. My job was to make
sure that every one of those valves was a line. And I had a dedicated
checklist to do that. So there's no one. Where is my checklist decision
over to Can I get and see every one of those valves inspect?
Expect when you inspect. So I have to run around and that it's things
like that. A deadly evolution doesn't sound like much, but when you're
the person responsible for taking on fuel to make sure that we
don't spill any fuel when we're taking on fuel, that's a very you know,
that's a very heavy responsibility and requires a lot of fought
on medication, and you've got to do it.